# ch4pileOfCoins
Create a project that uses random numbers from 1 to 4 to specify how many coins of each type to put in a pile. The coins are quarters, dimes, nickels and pennies, and there may be 1 to 4 of each type of coin. Display to the user how many of each coin are in the pile and ask the user to specify if the total is less than a dollar, more than a dollar, or exactly a dollar. Tell them if they are correct or not, and if not correct, tell them the result.  Ch4 Pile of Coins ex1    Ch4 Pile of Coins ex2  There are 3 possible inputs (more, less, or exact) and 2 possible results (correct or incorrect) for each input, so there are 6 possible scenarios to test. Since it may be very time-consuming to get a pile of coins that is exactly a dollar in the running code, you can leave that scenario out. Run the project and take screenshots where: (1) you say it's less than a dollar and you are correct, (2) you say it's less and you are incorrect, (3) you say it's more and you are correct, (4) you say it's more and you are incorrect, (5) you say it's exact and you are incorrect. If you do happen to get the situation where you say it's exact and you are correct, please do take that screenshot, but you don't have to keep running the project just to get that one situation.     NOTE: Remember the requirements for a header and a pause at the end of the program, discussed in the reading "Console Applications". These are required in every console application project.  Submission: Submit a single zipped folder containing all of the specified screenshots AND the root folder for the project.
